Update 02-introduction-to-git.md (#16)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/good-practices-in-research-software-development: episodes/02-introduction-to-git.md

3:12 hours (this is according to the carpentries, but it is not accurate, see below)

### Instructor Notes
Lesson material: https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/

> Slides (optional, but nice and helpful to show): https://nlesc-slides.github.io/2023-06-19-ds-cr/git/. In particular:
> - Slides 0 - 4: before episode 1 (Automated Version Control)
> - Slides 5 - 9: after episode 4 (Tracking Changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slides (optional, but nice and helpful to show): https://nlesc-slides.github.io/2023-06-19-ds-cr/git/. This is our suggestion for when to use the slides:
- Slides 0 - 4: right before episode 1 (Automated Version Control)
- Slides 5 - 9: right after episode 4 (Tracking Changes)
```

Reviewer: Did you mean this?

Author: yep

> - Slides 5 - 9: right after episode 4 (Tracking Changes)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Slides 5 - 9: accompanying episode 4 (Tracking Changes)

The slides provide visual context to the concepts that are used in the live coding. Especially for episode 4 (Tracking Changes) it would be best to have both the live coding screen and the slides screen side by side. As this is in general not possible, it is best to switch back and forth between command line and slides when necessary (you can use the images in the teaching material as indication when to switch to the slides).
```
